Cluster 0 Summary: 
the contribution of the renin angiotensin system to physiology and pathology is undergoing a rapid reconsideration of its mechanisms from emerging new concepts implicating angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 and angiotensin-(1–7) as new elements negatively influencing the vasoconstrictor, trophic, and pro-inflammatory actions of angiotensin ii.

in addition, a reduced expression of the vasodepressor axis composed by angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 and angiotensin-(1–7) may contribute to the expression of essential hypertension, the remodeling of heart and renal function associated with this disease, and even the physiology of pregnancy and the development of eclampsia.

the inhibitory activities of the diastereoisomerically-pure inhibitors (3a–d) strongly suggest that a specific stereo-isomer of the octahydroisochromene scaffold, (1s, 3s) 3b, directs the p1 site imidazole, the warhead aldehyde, and substituent at the 1-position of the fused ring to their appropriate pockets in the protease.

novel coronavirus (2019-ncov [sars-cov-2]) was detected in humans during the last week of december 2019 at wuhan city in china, and caused 24 554 cases in 27 countries and territories as of 5 february 2020. the  of this  was to estimate the risk of transmission of 2019-ncov through human passenger air flight from four major cities of china (wuhan, beijing, shanghai and guangzhou) to the passengers' destination countries.

we report the first case of 2019-ncov infection confirmed in the united states and describe the identification, diagnosis, clinical course, and management of the case, including the patient’s initial mild symptoms at presentation with progression to pneumonia on day 9 of illness.


Cluster 1 Summary: 
the inclusion of virus analysis in regulatory standards for viruses in water samples must overcome several shortcomings such as the technical difficulties and high costs of virus monitoring, the lack of harmonised and standardised assays and the challenge posed by the ever-changing nature of viruses.

the seasonality of influenza virus infections in temperate climates and the role of environmental conditions like temperature and humidity in the transmission of influenza virus through the air are not well understood.

we therefore concluded that the detected γ-papillomavirus is unlikely to be the causative agent of the respiratory complaints and its presence in the nose of the patient is not related to the disease.

show preserved histology in both uninfected tissues as well as ulcerations, destruction of the epithelial cells, and inflammatory reaction in intestine slices and formation of micro abscesses, and the presence of amoebae in the sinusoidal spaces and in the interior of central veins in liver slices.

this pilot  was performed to (i) determine whether infectious (viable) respiratory viruses in aerosols could be collected from air in a real world environment by the viable virus aerosol sampler (vivas), (ii) compare and contrast the efficacy of the standard bioaerosol sampler, the biosampler, with that of the vivas for the collection of airborne viruses in a real world environment, and (iii) gain insights for the use of the vivas for respiratory virus sampling.


Cluster 2 Summary: 
recent  have demonstrated that a subset of t(reg) cells [t follicular regulatory (t(freg)) cells] are able to co-opt the follicular t-cell program by gaining expression of bcl-6 and travelling to the follicle where they have an important role in the control of expansion of t(fh) cells and the germinal centre reaction.

in particular, the injection of the ecm-degrading enzyme (chase-abc) on the periphery of the main tumor core need to be administered in an optimal strategy in order to infect and eradicate the infiltrating glioma cells outside the tumor core in addition to proliferative cells in the bulk of tumor core.

the mhv and tgev receptor glycoproteins were shown by immunofluorescence to appear at the surface of the cells and to be functional so that the cells were susceptible to both mhv and tgev infection.

in this , using next-generation sequencing, an ndv was identified and isolated from vero cells inoculated with the nasal swab of an aborted dromedary fetus in dubai, during the time when an ndv outbreak occurred in a pigeon farm located in close proximity to the dairy camel farm where the mother of the aborted dromedary fetus resided, and there were a lot of pigeons in the camel farm.

this  provides a comprehensive overview of the spatiotemporal interactions of sars-cov, monocytes/macrophages and the dendritic cell network in mucosal tissues and highlights the fact that while these innate cells contribute to viral clearance, they probably also serve as shelters and vehicles to provide a mechanism for the virus to escape host mucosal innate immunity and disseminate systemically.


Cluster 3 Summary: 
of the different factors associated with the use of reconstituted fresh whole blood, lower platelet counts at 10 minutes and at the end of cardiopulmonary bypass, older age of cells used in the prime and throughout bypass, and exposures to higher number of allogeneic donors were found to be independent predictors of poor clinical outcomes.

the primary end point is the proportion of patients that develop vap in the intensive care unit (icu) at day 28. the secondary end points include the proportion of patients that develop vap in the icu, early (≤7 days) or late (>7 days) vap, time until the first vap diagnosis, the number of ventilator-free days and antibiotic-free days, the length of stay in the icu, the proportion of patients with ventilator-associated events and that die during their icu stay.

the presence of lymphopenia as a signature of severe covid-19 was confirmed by wang d  who, in their  published in jama, reported that icu patients suffering this infection had a median lymphocyte count of 800 cells/mm,3 with non survivors exhibiting persistent lymphopenia.4 icu patients present also with high levels of plasma cytokines.2 the existence of hyper-cytokinemia in covid-19 patients with lymphopenia could indicate a poor control of the pathogen, as showed in severe patients infected with the 2009 pandemic influenza virus.

interestingly, hypercytokinemia and lymphopenia were also evident in critical patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome due to the coronavirus emerged in 2003 (sars-cov).5,6 these features (lymphopenia + hypercytokinemia) fit the characteristics of a particular immunological phenotype of community acquired pneumonia (cap), lymphopenic cap (l-cap), which, as we recently demonstrated in an article published in the journal of infection, is associated with increased severity, mortality and a dysregulated immunological response.7 in their works, yang x et al and chen n et al propose a direct cytotoxic action of the virus to explain the low lymphocyte counts observed in the severe cases of covid-19.3,8 but, in our opinion, host factors could also contribute to induce lymphopenia in these cases.

owing to the highly variable course and lack of reliable predictors for deterioration, we aimed to identify variables that allow the prediction of patients with a high risk of respiratory failure and need of mechanical ventilation patients with pcr proven symptomatic covid-19 infection hospitalized at our institution from 29th february to 27th march 2020 (n=40) were analyzed for baseline clinical and laboratory findings.


Cluster 4 Summary: 
publisher  this chapter discusses the emergence of canine parvovirus (cpv), the evidence concerning the previous emergence of mink enteritis virus (mev) as the cause of a new disease in minks in the 1940s, and the mechanisms that determine the host ranges and other specific properties of the viruses of cats, minks, and dogs.

genetic mapping  indicate that only three or four sequence differences between the fpv and cpv-2 isolates within the vp-1 lvp-2 gene determine all of the specific properties of cpv that have been defined the ph dependence of hemagglutination, the cpv-specific epitope, and the host range for canine cells and dogs.

the sequence analysis of the viruses demonstrated the domestic origin of the infection, highlighting the importance of vaccination of local dogs in order to reduce the risk of exposure of wildlife to these pathogens.

the vacuolization of the zona fasciculata was of the same incidence and severity in treatment and control male rats and correlated with an increased in the weights of the adrenal glands.

in an attempt to  the role of this protein in virus spread within the central nervous system (cns) and neurovirulence, as well as to identify amino acid residues important for such functions, we compared the sequence of the s gene found in the laboratory reference strain hcov-oc43 atcc vr-759 to s sequences of viruses detected in clinical isolates from the human respiratory tract.


Cluster 5 Summary: 
however, if the outbreak occurred in the whole of china, facemask supplies in china could last for 5 days if under the existing public health measures and a shortage of 853 million facemasks is expected by 30 apr 2020. assuming a gradually decreased import volume, we estimated that dramatic increase in productivity (42.7 times of the usual level) is needed to mitigate the facemask crisis by the end of april.

the sins model system has been introduced and adopted in 1,721 bsl-2 laboratories in zhejiang province, and thus lead to an increase in the number of biosafety committees from 20% to more than 95% from 2007 to 2018, and the number of biosafety laboratory managers who knows biosafety-related laws and regulations increase from 52.7% to 83.7% from 2009 to 2017. such achievements indicate that the successful implementation of sins model has increased the effective control of biological risks in bsl-2 laboratories of the zhejiang province.

in the setting of the new a(h1n1) outbreak, the  was conducted to assess (1) fear of the a(h1n1) pandemic; (2) risk avoidance behavior; (3) health-protective behavior; and (4) psychosocial impact in the ethnically diverse population of malaysia.

although these measures might not prevent the eventual establishment of ongoing, widespread transmission of the virus in the united states, they are being implemented to 1) slow the spread of illness; 2) provide time to better prepare health care systems and the general public to be ready if widespread transmission with substantial associated illness occurs; and 3) better characterize 2019-ncov infection to guide public health recommendations and the development of medical countermeasures including diagnostics, therapeutics, and vaccines.

the expression for r allowed us to determine the precise reduction of mobility kappa_0 needed to bend the curve of epidemic incidence, which turned out to be kappa_0 ≈ 0.7. this value, for the case of spain, translates to a total lockdown with the exception of the mobility associated to essential services, a policy that was finally enforced on march 28.


Cluster 6 Summary: 
here we use evolutionary analyses to show that the two- to three-fold expansion of the nidovirus genome was accompanied by a large number of replacements in conserved proteins at a scale comparable to that in the tree of life.

the sendai virus v protein, which is a fusion of the p and v orfs of the p gene, was characterized with antisera to a portion of the v orf and compared to the p protein.

the virus particles described in previous chapters are vehicles that transmit the viral genome and the infection from cell to cell.

the surface form of the cells at advanced infection displayed prolific pseudopodia that, in addition to the rest of the plasma membrane, were also active sites of virus release.

this activity has the potential to transform the local microenvironment to the benefit or detriment of both the virus and the host, favouring either the continuation of the viral life cycle or the host’s antiviral response.


Cluster 7 Summary: 
the spike protein of pedv plays an important role in mediating virus attachment and fusion to target cells, and recent  also reported that the neutralizing epitopes of the spike protein were mainly located in the s1 subunit, which makes it a candidate for vaccine development and clinical diagnosis.

to trace the possible route of introduction of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (pedv), the phylogenetic relationships of pedv strains in the regions of epidemicity in the philippines to pedv strains that are endemic in other countries were investigated.

in , the observations of impaired lytic activity and ifn-γ production by nk cells in suckling pigs coincided with the increased severity of pedv infection in the suckling pigs compared with the weaned pigs.

in this case report we demonstrate that acute outbreaks of pedv occurred in southern germany in 2014. current strains were clearly different from isolates found in the 1980s and were closely related to a pedv variant found in the us in 2014. moreover, the present case report indicates that variant strains of pedv, containing insertions and deletions in the s gene, which were reported to be of lower virulence, might be able to cause high mortality in suckling piglets.

a high variation in pcv2 antibody titres was found in the clinically affected pigs, and 27% of these pigs did not mount pcv2 antibody titres higher than 1200. a concurrent infection of pcv2 and porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus (prrsv) was found in at least 83% of the pigs with clinical signs of pmws and in 35% of the pigs from pmws-free herds.


Cluster 8 Summary: 
a severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars) outbreak occurred in singapore from february to may 2003. a high vigilance for the disease, frequent and regular temperature monitoring, early case identification and isolation of patients, as well as tracing and home quarantine of contacts, played major roles in controlling the outbreak.

we previously described isolation of a potentially new mammalian reovirus, designated byd1, which can cause clinical symptoms similar to that of severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars) in guinea pigs and macaques, from throat swabs of one sars patient of beijing, in 2003. for this , we determined the genome sequences of byd1 and the s1 gene sequences of other five mammalian reovirus isolates (bld, jp, and byl were isolated from different sars patients during the outbreak, 302i and 302ii were isolated from fecal specimens of two children of beijing in 1982) to allow molecular comparison with other previously reported mammalian reoviruses (mrvs).

the advent of severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars) in the 21st century and the recent outbreak of middle-east respiratory syndrome (mers) highlight the importance of coronaviruses (covs) as human pathogens, emphasizing the need for development of novel antiviral strategies to combat acute respiratory infections caused by covs.

in this work, we used wolfram approach to  the relationship among sars viruses and between sars viruses and other types of viruses, the effect of variations on the whole genome and the advantages in the analysis of sars based on this novel approach.

while coronaviruses were first identified nearly 60 years ago, they received notoriety in 2003 when one of their members was identified as the etiological agent of the severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars-cov) 1. previously these viruses were known to be important agents of respiratory and enteric infections of domestic and companion animals and to cause approximately 15% of all cases of the common cold.


Cluster 9 Summary: 
the  of the analysis of the epidemiological data of iran from january 22 to march 8, 2020 were investigated and the prediction was made until march 29, 2020.  by estimating the three parameters of time-dependent transmission rate, time-dependent recovery rate, and time-dependent mortality rate from covid-19 outbreak in china, and using the number of covid-19 infections in iran, we predicted the number of patients for the next month in iran.

an outbreak related to the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) was first reported in wuhan, china in december 2019. an extremely high potential for dissemination ed in the global coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) pandemic in 2020. despite the worsening trends of covid-19, no drugs are validated to have significant efficacy in clinical treatment of covid-19 patients in large-scale .

the novel coronavirus sars-cov-2, etiological agent of recently named coronavirus infected disease (covid-19) by who, has caused more than 2, 000 deaths worldwide since its emergency in wuhan city, hubei province, china, in december, 2019. the symptoms of covid-19 varied from modest, mild to acute respiratory distress syndrome (ards), and the latter of which is generally associated with deregulated immune cytokine production; however, we currently know little as to the interplay between the extent of clinical symptoms and the compositions of lung immune microenvironment.

we find that the covid-19 cases would be 64.81% higher in the 347 chinese cities outside hubei province, and 52.64% higher in the 16 non-wuhan cities inside hubei, in the counterfactual world in which the city of wuhan were not locked down from january 23, 2020. we also find that there were substantial undocumented infection cases in the early days of the 2019-ncov outbreak in wuhan and other cities of hubei province, but over time, the gap between the officially reported cases and our estimated "actual" cases narrows significantly.

to estimate the time at risk of covid-19 exposure for travelers departing italy, we obtained data from the united nations world tourism organization (unwto) for the proportion of international travelers that are non-residents of italy (63%) and the average length of stay of tourists to italy (3.4 days), and assumed the italian epidemic began one month prior to february 29, 2020. we also performed sensitivity analyses in which we included outbound travel to all countries regardless of reported case importations, inflated travel volumes by 35%, to account for the relative increase in flight numbers from 2015-2019, and excluded cases in bordering countries and which were documented to have been introduced by overland travel.


Cluster 10 Summary: 
this  aimed to characterize the epidemiology of pathogenic respiratory agents in patients aged 0 to 12 months and hospitalized for acute respiratory infections in tunisia between 2013 and 2014.  a total of 20 pathogens, including viruses, mycoplasma pneumoniae, and streptococcus pneumoniae, were detected using molecular sensitive assays, and their associations with the patient’s demographic data and season were analyzed.

in order to evaluate the infectious agents associated with the first episode of severe acute wheezing in otherwise healthy infants and to define the role of each of them in recurrences, 85 patients in italy, aged <12 months, hospitalized because of a first acute episode of wheezing, were prospectively enrolled between 1 october 2005 and 31 march 2006. upon enrolment, nasopharyngeal swabs were collected for the real-time pcr detection of respiratory syncytial virus (rsv) types a and b, influenza virus types a and b, adenovirus, parainfluenza viruses types 1, 2, 3 and 4, rhinovirus, human metapneumovirus, human coronavirus types 229e, oc43, nl63, and hku1, bocavirus, enterovirus, and paraechovirus; nasopharyngeal aspirates were also obtained to detect atypical bacteria.

: the spectrum, seasonality, age distribution and clinical associations of respiratory virus infections in children and adults with influenza-like illness were analyzed in this  for the first time.

purpose the purpose of this prospective case-control  was to survey the detection rate of respiratory viruses in children with kawasaki disease (kd) by using multiplex reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr), and to investigate the clinical implications of the prevalence of respiratory viruses during the acute phase of kd.

treatment guidelines developed by the sinus and allergy health partnership for acute bacterial rhinosinusitis (abrs) were originally published in 2000. these guidelines were designed to (1) educate clinicians and patients (or patients’ families) about the differences between viral and bacterial rhinosinusitis; (2) reduce the use of antibiotics for nonbacterial nasal/sinus disease; (3) provide recommendations for the diagnosis and optimal treatment of abrs; (4) promote the use of appropriate antibiotic therapy when bacterial infection is likely; and (5) describe the current understanding of pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamics and how they relate to the effectiveness of antimicrobial therapy.


Cluster 11 Summary: 
recent work suggests that antiviral rnai is active in undifferentiated stem cells and that antiviral rnai can be uncovered in differentiated cells in which the ifn system is inactive or in infections with viruses lacking putative viral suppressors of rnai.

a better understanding of the biology of autophagy and the pharmacology of autophagy modulators has the potential for facilitating the development of autophagy-based therapeutic interventions for several human diseases.

in this review, we synthesize the extensive literature on virus–autophagy interactions, emphasizing the role of autophagy in antiviral immunity and the mechanisms by which viruses subvert autophagy for their own benefit.

in the virus infected cells, the functions of various host cellular molecules involved in regulation of induction of apoptosis are modulated by iav proteins to enable effective virus replication.

viral involvement with ubiquitin occurs either adventitiously because of the unavoidable usurpation of cellular processes, or for some specific purpose selected for by the virus to enhance viral replication.


Cluster 12 Summary: 
with the aim to test the safety and extent of the biological effects of odn 2216 in the domestic cat, we performed an initial in vivo experiment in which two cats were injected the molecule once subcutaneously and two additional cats received control treatments.

the aim of the  was to identify peptides within the polyprotein (pp) 1 ab that are differentially recognised by cats with either enteric or systemic disease following infection with feline coronavirus.

infection of the type i fcov was dominant, with a seropositive rate of 70.4%, whereas 3.5% of cats were infected with the type ii fcov.

use of polymerase chain reaction revealed the presence of the fbov-1 dna in several tissues, suggesting hematogenous viremia, with the viral nucleic acid, detected by in situ hybridization (ish), was localized in intestinal cells and vascular endothelium of intestinal mucosa and serosa, and in necrosis areas primarily in various lymph nodes while fplv-immunohistochemical analysis revealed viral localization only in cryptal cells, neurons, and limited to leukocytes in the mesenteric lymph node.

a survey was conducted during 2002–2004 as a follow-up to a previous  in 2001 of the cat colony to identify pathogens circulating among the population and to annually follow the status of the cats to analyze morbidity coefficients and associations among infections and infestations identified in the colony.


Cluster 13 Summary: 
it is suggested that the success of the management framework reflects the following key design elements: • the framework permitted and encouraged both “horizontal” (inter-country) and “vertical” (intra-country) interactions and networking between individuals at all levels of project implementation and execution; • inclusion of a body (the regional scientific and technical committee) that served as a forum for reconciling both sectorial and national interests and priorities; • the clear separation between discussions of scientific and technical matters from discussions dealing with policy and principles at both the national and regional levels; • the framework facilitated the incorporation of sound scientific and technical advice and information into politically based decision-making; • the use of regional experts and consultants from the participating countries fostered “ownership” of the activities and outputs; • restriction of the membership of the project steering committee to government representatives only, and exclusion of observers from regional and international agencies and institutions other than unep; and, • the framework allowed for adaptive management and was not a rigid unchanging structure.

we propose that the scope of the concept of research in public health should be clear and include the following characteristics a commitment to the health and well-being of the population and to their determinants; the inclusion of both applied research and basic research; and, an appropriate model of governance (authorization, follow-up, consent, etc.).

in this article, i trace how the race-making of people, viruses, and the places they share became a powerful means by which chinese public health professionals made sense of two major infectious outbreaks that threatened to stall or interrupt china’s development the sars outbreak of 2003 and the h1n1 influenza pandemic of 2009. by inscribing geographical stability onto infected bodies in motion through the languages of race and genetics, chinese public health professionals sought to constrain the mobility of infection and, in doing so, to contain the symbolic and material threats to china’s modernity and development that flu-like infections, and the people who carried and spread them, had come to represent.

the statement ‘there is no evidence that beef is unsafe’, which is a premise in an ignorance argument, was used so extensively by health officials and government ministers during the bse epidemic in the uk that it came to be called the mantra of the bse affair by the public inquiry into the epidemic.

this is the second most deadly evd outbreak in history, after the one that occurred in west africa in 2014. the drc ministry of health (moh), supported by the world health organization (who) and a range of regional and international partners, are implementing evd response plans in these affected areas such as screening of suspect cases at points of entry, case detection, contact tracing, laboratory testing, case management and infection prevention and control, safe and dignified burials, ring vaccination (this involves vaccination of infected individuals, direct contacts of infected individuals and contacts of their contacts), and therapeutics, community mobilization and free access to healthcare services.


Cluster 14 Summary: 
in 1957, julian huxley coined cladogenesis to denote splitting from subspeciation.

there are considerable regulatory challenges to consider in commercialization of plant‐made pharmaceuticals (pmps), some of which are inherent to plant‐production systems and others that are common with other production systems, but are new to pmps because of the youth of the industry.

here, we review the natural history of poxviruses in bats and highlight the relationship of the viruses to each other and their context in the poxviridae family.

mhv is a collection of strains, which provide models systems for the  of viral tropism and pathogenesis in several organs systems, including the central nervous system, the liver, and the lung, and has been cited as providing one of the few animal models for the  of chronic demyelinating diseases such as multiple sclerosis.

nonstructural proteins include the small accessory proteins that are not at all conserved between mhv and sars-cov and the 16 conserved proteins encoded in the replicase locus, many of which have enzymatic activities in rna metabolism or protein processing in addition to functions in antagonizing host response.


Cluster 15 Summary: 
these data indicate that the virus was circulating in this farm concurrently with its detection in the camel and in the patient, which warrants further investigations for the possible airborne transmission of mers-cov.

however, the international health regulations committee concerning mers-cov has cautioned that the upsurge of cases seen this past spring (2014) may be predictive of an increase in cases related to the hajj – an annual pilgrimage to mecca in saudi arabia that took place in early october 2014. although the overall risk is low, the public health agency of canada and its national microbiology laboratory (nml) in close collaboration with provincial and territorial partners, the canadian public health laboratory network (cphln) and infection prevention and control experts have developed a number of preparedness guidance documents and protocols to address the risk of an imported case of mers-cov in canada.

since the emergence of middle east respiratory syndrome coronavirus (mers-cov) in 2012, more than 1,300 laboratory confirmed cases of mers-cov infections have been reported in asia, north africa, and europe by july 2015. the recent mers-cov nosocomial outbreak in south korea quickly became the second largest such outbreak with 186 total cases and 36 deaths in a little more than one month, second only to saudi arabia in country-specific number of reported cases.

it was clear that the saudi pilgrims were more oriented about different aspects of mers-cov including the nature of the causative agent, the signs, the severity of the disease, the animals that can transmit the infection to humans, the risk groups, and when one need to be screened for infection.

to assess the public health risk to singapore posed by the middle east respiratory syndrome (mers) outbreak in the republic of korea in 2015.  the likelihood of importation of mers cases and the magnitude of the public health impact in singapore were assessed to determine overall risk.


Cluster 16 Summary: 
in selecting in vivo models, consideration must be given to the species and strain of animal chosen, the appropriateness of the model to human disease, the extent of animal husbandry required during the in-life pharmacological assessment, the technical aspects of generating the model and harvesting the tissues for analyses, the cost of research tools in terms of time and money (demyelinating and remyelinating agents, amount of compound to be generated), and the length of time required for drug testing in the model.

also discussed is the most recent evidence on the contribution of human milk to the development of immunologic integrity in the infant and its influence on the outcome of infections and other host-antigen interactions in the neonate.

in this review we present an overview of three major areas related to viral recombination (i) the molecular mechanisms that underlie recombination in model viruses, including dna-viruses (herpesvirus) and rna-viruses (human influenza virus and human immunodeficiency virus), (ii) the analytical procedures to detect recombination in viral sequences and to determine the recombination breakpoints, along with the conceptual and ological tools currently used and a brief overview of the impact of new sequencing technologies on the detection of recombination, and (iii) the major areas in the evolutionary analysis of viral populations on which recombination has an impact.

who’s immunization, vaccine and biologicals (ivb) department is actively working in several pathogen areas on the recommendation of pdvac, as well as continuing horizon scanning for advances in the development of vaccines that may benefit low and middle income countries (lmics), such as the recent licensure of the enterovirus 71 (ev71) vaccine in china.

although numerous  have been conducted in vitro and in vivo in the recent years on the efficacy of plant phytochemicals as antimicrobial agents, this chapter provides an overview of the antimicrobial properties of some major group of phytochemicals, namely, different phenolic compounds, alkaloids, saponins, iridoids and secoiridoids, polyacetylenes, glucosinolates, terpenoids, sulfinate, limonoids (tetranortepenoids) and anthranoids against pathogenic bacteria, fungi, viruses and commensal bacteria in the intestinal tracts of humans and animals.


Cluster 17 Summary: 
: in , the developed lamp assay was a simple, inexpensive, sensitive method for the rapid detection of the most common subgroups of alv, and it provided a useful and practical tool in the eradication program for alv in the poultry industry.

in this review, we provide a survey of the current state-of-the-art in the application of the real-time pcr technology to virus analysis.

after the extraction step, the hands-on time varied from 50 min to 2h30 and the complete  were available in 2h30 to 9 h. the spectrum of tested agents and the technology used to reveal the pcr products as well as the laboratory organization are determinant for the selection of a kit.

a total of 224 clinical samples that were positive for different respiratory viruses (including 51 samples that were positive for hmpv) were tested using the real time rt-pcr assay, and the specificity of the assay was observed to be 100 %.

in contrast, infection with certain parasites such as helminthes (schistosoma mansoni, fasciola hepatica, hymenolepis nana, trichuris trichiura, ascaris lumbricoides, strongyloides stercolaris, enterobius vermicularis) appears to protect against the development or exacerbation of ms. evidence supporting the ability of parasitic infections to protect against disease will be discussed along with a brief  of a recent phase i clinical trial testing the ability of trichuris suis ova treatment to improve the clinical course of ms. a complex interaction between the cns (including the blood-brain barrier), multiple infections with various infectious agents (occurring in the periphery or within the cns), and the immune response to those various infections may have to be deciphered before the etiology of ms can be fully understood.


Cluster 18 Summary: 
thus, the  of this  was to corroborate the  of our prior clinical trial across multiple farms and to investigate the effect of lactoferrin on the morbidity and mortality of preweaned calves with naturally occurring cases of diarrhea.

we d the health status and factors associated with the growth of beef calves in six cow-calf herds during the first month of the calves’ lives and at weaning age (200 days).

neonatal jersey calves (n=96) were used to evaluate effects of housing (individual hutches or wooden pens in a barn) and colostrum feeding (calves were separated from the dam and fed 2 l of colostrum in nipple-bottles or allowed to nurse the dam for 3 d) on the prevalence of selected organisms in feces.

the purpose of this work was to develop an experimental model of infection in newborn calves with a bovine ehec strain isolated from a calf which of died of diarrhoea, and belonging to the o118:h16 serotype, which is also common to both cattle and humans.

animals: six holstein cattle, 5 calves with a clinical history of chronic diarrhea, and 1 heifer with erosions in the buccal cavity and neurologic symptoms were admitted to the clinic for ruminants.


Cluster 19 Summary: 
this review aims to summarise the state-of-the-art research on aircraft and airport emissions and attempts to synthesise the  of  that have addressed this issue.

altered virus transmission because of deforestation and environment change, ecological changes and agricultural development, commerce, technology, microbial adaptation and change, breakdown of public health measures, and deficiencies in public health infrastructure are the reasons for emergence and reemergence of infectious diseases in general and viral infections in particular.

fortunately, the disease, marburg hemorrhagic fever, was limited to a small geographic area, but the devastation of lives was much greater than that of many epidemics and was a warning of the numerous factors, including fear, lack of understanding, and deception, that can exacerbate the spread of disease and hinder implementation of restraints.

in this viewpoint article, proponents and opponents of gof experiments discuss the benefits and risks associated with these , as well as the implications of the current debate for the scientific community and the general public, and suggest how the current discussion should move forward.

the present paper presents compulsory notification data for infectious diseases and epidemiologic ones recorded at the center for strategic information and health surveillance (cievs) for the period of march 2006 to april 2007. data is presented in accordance with geographic distribution, time and risk classification of the etiologic agents found, according to ministry of health regulations.


Cluster 20 Summary: 
both independent  of investigation led to similar  the population of intraepithelial cd8+ t cells was significantly enhanced in the probiotic group piglets (p ≤0.05), and the numbers of γδ t cells tended to be higher in the intestinal epithelium (p <0.1) at the time of weaning (day 28).

in , the  obtained confirm an increase in the clinical signs of infection, and porpv was observed to impact the spread of swh1n1 in analysed tissues in the early stage of co-infection, although viral shedding was not enhanced.

the induction of il-10 was rare, indicating that il-10 mediated immunomodulation/immune dysfunction was not a feature of this vaccine or of the challenge virus.

: the administration of a prrsv-1 based mlv vaccine to 1 day-old piglets was able to induce an immune response characterised by: (1) undetectable or low levels of il-10, il-8 and tnf-α, (2) an increase in ifn-α expression within the first seven days, (3) a gradual increase in the number of antigen-specific ifn-γ-secreting cells, and (4) induction of detectable na.

the obvious advantages of the spf pig model are the naturally acquired intestinal microflora, the development of distinct clinical signs similar to cryptosporidiosis in humans and calves, the size of the animals, and the accessibility of individuals born within a short time span.


Cluster 21 Summary: 
the 2013–2016 outbreak in western africa caused unfathomable morbidity and mortality (over 11,000 deaths), and the second largest outbreak is on-going in the democratic republic of the congo.

these distortions are particularly evident in the vicinity of predicted a-bulges in stems 2 and 3. in vitro and in vivo frameshifting assays showed that the sars-cov frameshift signal is functionally similar to other viral frameshift signals it promotes efficient frameshifting in all of the standard assay systems, and it is sensitive to a drug and a genetic mutation that are known to affect frameshifting efficiency of a yeast virus.

in two recent papers by the owen and goldberg labs, the binding mode of dilysine motifs to the coatomer of the copi coat has been analysed.

in contrast, there is a strong correlation between frameshift efficiency and the local thermodynamic stability of the first 3–4 bp in the stem–loop, which are predicted to reside at the opening of the mrna entrance channel when the ribosome is paused at the slippery site.

here the mechanism of this activity is revealed by the crystal structure of a protein complex consisting of nef, the mhc-i cytoplasmic domain (mhc-i cd), and the μ1 subunit of the clathrin adaptor protein complex 1. a ternary, cooperative interaction clamps the mhc-i cd into a narrow binding groove at the nef-μ1 interface encompassing the cargo-recognition site of μ1 and the proline rich strand of nef.


Cluster 22 Summary: 
due to the homology in epidemiology, genomics, and pathogenesis of the sars-cov-2 and sars-cov, and the widely use of tcm in the treatment of sars-cov, the clinical evidence showing the beneficial effect of tcm in the treatment of patients with sars coronaviral infections are discussed.

as a critical adaptive mechanism, amino acid replacements on the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (sars-cov) spike protein could alter the receptor-binding specificity of this envelope glycoprotein and in turn lead to the emergence or reemergence of this viral zoonosis.

the angiotensin converting enzyme 2 protein (ace2) utilized by the sars-cov as a receptor was found to facilitate the infection of sars-cov-2, initiated by the binding of the spike protein to the human ace2.

severe acute respiratory syndrome-coronavirus nucleocapsid (sars-cov n) protein has been found to be important to the processes related to viral pathogenesis, such as virus replication, interference of the cell process and modulation of host immune response; detection of the antigen has been used for the early diagnosis of infection.

this review provides an up-to-date discussion on the sars-cov papain-like protease including a brief overview of the sars-cov genome and replication followed by a more in-depth discussion on the structure and catalytic mechanism of sars-cov plpro, the multiple cellular functions of sars-cov plpro, the inhibition of sars-cov plpro by small molecule inhibitors, and the prospect of inhibiting papain-like protease from other coronaviruses.


Cluster 23 Summary: 
to investigate the factors associated with death and describe the gestational outcomes in pregnant women with influenza a(h1n1)pdm09, we conducted a case-control  (deaths and recovered) in hospitalized pregnant women with laboratory-confirmed influenza a(h1n1)pdm09 with severe acute respiratory illness (sari) in the state of são paulo from june 9 to december 1, 2009. all cases were evaluated, and four controls that were matched by the epidemiological week of hospitalization of the case were randomly selected for each case.

we review the available information on the effects of chloroquine on viral infections, raising the question of whether this old drug may experience a revival in the clinical management of viral diseases such as aids and severe acute respiratory syndrome, which afflict mankind in the era of globalisation.

two datasets are used for analyses one from mortality data of the general elderly population in 1998–2009; the other from an elderly cohort with 66,820 subjects recruited in 1998–2001 with mortality outcomes followed up until 2009. we found that at below 20.8 °c was associated with an increase in mortality risk of 1.99% (95% confidence interval 0.64%, 2.64%) for all causes, 2.48% (0.57%, 4.36%) for cardiovascular disease, and 3.19% (0.59%, 5.73%) for respiratory disease for every 1 °c decrease in at over the following 3 days.

the output  of the reasoning model are the likelihood of a bacterial infection, the most likely pathogen(s), the suggestion of optimal treatment, the gain of life expectancy for the patient related to the optimal treatment, the probability of coverage associated with the antibiotic treatment, and the cost-effect analysis of the treatment prescribed.

these are (1) avoidance of unnecessary transfusions through the use of evidence-based transfusion guidelines, to reduce potentially fatal (infectious as well as noninfectious) transfusion complications; (2) reduction in the risk of transfusion-related acute lung injury in recipients of platelet transfusions through the use of single-donor platelets collected from male donors, or female donors without a history of pregnancy or who have been shown not to have white blood cell (wbc) antibodies; (3) prevention of hemolytic transfusion reactions through the augmentation of patient identification procedures by the addition of information technologies, as well as through the prevention of additional red blood cell alloantibody formation in patients who are likely to need multiple transfusions in the future; (4) avoidance of pooled blood products (such as pooled whole blood–derived platelets) to reduce the risk of transmission of emerging transfusion-transmitted infections (ttis) and the residual risk from known ttis (especially transfusion-associated sepsis [tas]); (5) wbc reduction of cellular blood components administered in cardiac surgery to prevent the poorly understood increased mortality seen in cardiac surgery patients in association with the receipt of non–wbc-reduced (compared with wbc-reduced) transfusion; and (6) pathogen reduction of platelet and plasma components to prevent the transfusion transmission of most emerging, potentially fatal ttis and the residual risk of known ttis (especially tas).


Cluster 24 Summary: 
introduction the use of antibiotics is based on the clinician’s experience and judgment, and antibiotics may often be overused in the treatment of acute exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (aecopd).

although current treatment modalities are capable of producing control of symptoms and improvements in pulmonary function in the majority of patients, acute and often severe exacerbations still occur and contribute significantly to both the morbidity and mortality of asthma in all age groups.

in this regard, it is crucial to recognize and understand both the similarities and differences of clinical features in patients with copd and/or asthma associated with respiratory viral infections, especially in the exacerbative stage.

to evaluate the role of human bocavirus (hbov) as a causative agent of respiratory disease, the importance of the viral load in respiratory disease type and severity and the pathogenicity of the different hbov species, we d all hbov-positive nasopharyngeal samples collected from children who attended an emergency room for a respiratory tract infection during three winters (2009–2010, 2011–2012, and 2013–2014).

limitations in the use of macrolides for respiratory infections include rather marginal activity in the most severe cases of haemophilus influenzae infections, lack of activity against klebsiella and other coliforms, which precludes their use as single agents in the therapy of pneumonia in patients with significant underlying disease or in the elderly, and development of resistance in streptococci and staphylococci.


Cluster 25 Summary: 
we have performed molecular  on the pig interferon (ifn) system (i) to analyse the role played by endogenous ifn in neonatal viral enteritis such as transmissible gastroenteritis and possibly to obtain, via recombinant dna technology, a new anti-infectious and immunomodulatory agent in this species, (ii) to characterize the structure and biological functions of the ifn-like antiviral activity produced by the porcine embryo at the time implantation in the uterus.

the effect of ifn-λ on virus replication was determined in these cells, in parallel to the expression of ifn-stimulated genes (isgs), and suppressor of cytokine signaling (socs), genes measured by rt-qpcr.

within the innate immune response, the plasmacytoid dc (pdc) are the “professional” ifn producing cells, expressing specialized toll-like receptors (tlr7 and -9) and high constitutive expression of irf-7 that allow them to respond to viruses with rapid and extremely robust ifn production; following activation and production of ifn, the pdc subsequently mature into antigen presenting cells that help to shape the adaptive immune response.

with type i interferon (ifn-i) receptor (ifnar)-deficient mice revealed a key role of the ifn-i axis in the protection against cvb3 infection, whereas the source of ifn-i and cell types that have to be ifnar triggered in order to promote survival are still unknown.

after binding to their respective ifn receptors and activation of the cellular jak/signal transducer and activator of transcription signaling cascade, they stimulate the transcription of a plethora of ifn-stimulated genes (isgs) in infected as well as bystander cells such as the non-infected epithelium and cells of the immune system.


Cluster 26 Summary: 
this chapter reviews the immune system for the principles of immune response to antigens and the synthesis of immunoglobulins of the five classes of antibodies in the body.

to better understand the antigenicity and pathogenesis of this genotype, the characteristics of the ck/ch/ldl/140520 strain were compared to those of four commercial ib vaccine strains that are used commonly in china, as well as four attenuated viruses that represent two types of ibv strains, which are believed to have originated in china and are the predominant ibv types circulating in chicken flocks in china and many other parts of the world.

analysis of the consensus full-length genome for three different ibv serotypes (ark, ga98, and mass41) showed that passage in embryonated eggs, to attenuate the viruses for chickens, ed in 34.75–43.66% of all the amino acid changes occurring in nsp 3 within a virus type, whereas changes in the spike glycoprotein, thought to be the most variable protein in ibv, ranged from 5.8 to 13.4% of all changes.

however, both attenuated and pathogenic viruses of the same serotype replicated similarly in embryonated eggs, suggesting that mutations in nsp 3, which is involved in replication of the virus, might play an important role in the reduced replication observed in chickens leading to the attenuated phenotype.

an appropriate choice for select applications will depend on the biology of the infectious agent targeted, as well as factors such as whether the vaccine is intended to prevent infection or boost immunity in already infected individuals, prior exposure of the target population to the vector, safety, and the number and size of gene inserts needed.


Cluster 27 Summary: 
in contrast to this full susceptibility or resistance, macrophage cultures from strains of mice in which persistent infections occur showed an intermediate susceptibility, as judged by the intensity of the cytopathic effect, the presence of viral antigens in the cytoplasm and levels of viral replication.

tnf-α, il-6, and inos are also evident in the brains of mice with mhv-induced acute encephalitis, but in marked contrast to the  obtained with the chronically infected mice, most of the cells expressing these cytokines or inos had the morphology of macrophages or other mononuclear cells and very few appeared to be astrocytes.

these beneficial effects of clay minerals (on the gastrointestinal mucosa) are associated with two mechanisms of action (1) adsorption of the aggressors or their toxic secretions and (2) modification of the thickness and rheological properties of the adherent mucus, reinforcing the natural defenses of the gastrointestinal mucosa.

in the present , we examined production of multiple cytokines in response to virus from cd8+ t cells in healthy adult subjects, between 18 and 50 years of age (born post 1957), who had no evidence of exposure to the 2009 ph1n1 virus, and had blood collected prior to the emergence of the pandemic in april of 2009. human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (pbmc) were stimulated in vitro with a panel of live viruses, and assayed by intracellular cytokine staining and flow cytometry.

therefore, the increase in the number of neutrophils and macrophages in the airways and the increase in proinflammatory cytokines are directly related to the severity of exacerbations and that is the importance of the functions of th17 profile in this entity.


Cluster 28 Summary: 
we also show that eef1bγ plays a synergistic role with eukaryotic translation elongation factor 1a in tombusvirus replication, possibly via stimulation of the proper positioning of the viral rna-dependent rna polymerase over the promoter region in the viral rna template.these roles for translation factors during tbsv replication are separate from their canonical roles in host and viral protein translation.

in parallel to other subnuclear structures, such as pml bodies, the proteins that are involved in the formation and maintenance of the nucleolus are inexorably linked to nucleolar trafficking.

the complexity of the cap structure and its formation can range from just a single methylation of the unprocessed 5′ end of the primary transcript, as in mammalian u6 and 7sk, mouse b2, and plant u3 rnas, to an elaborate m(7)gpppm(6,6)ampampcmpm(3)um structure at the 5′ end of processed rna in trypanosomes, which are formed by as many as 8 methylation reactions.

during efforts to extend this work, the authors have been unable to replicate some of the  obtained by the first author of the paper, which describe the mechanisms regulating the rapid turnover of herp and how the presence of misfolded proteins affects the composition and the stability of the hrd1 complex.

the ology and choice of controls fosters the assessment of the virologic scope of rna helicases across divergent cell lineages and viral replication cycles.


Cluster 29 Summary: 
7. une équipe multidisciplinaire (comprenant des obstétriciens, des infirmières, des pédiatres, des spécialistes de la prévention des infections, des inhalothérapeutes et des anesthésiologistes) devrait être nommée au sein de chaque unité et être responsable de l’organisation et de la mise en œuvre des protocoles de prise en charge du sras de l’unité (iii-c).

9. tous les professionnels des soins de santé, les résidents et les membres du personnel de soutien devraient bénéficier d’une formation sur la prise en charge et le confinement des infections afin de prévenir la propagation du virus du sras (iii-a).

resumen el 31 de diciembre de 2019 se detectó en la ciudad de wuhan (china) un brote de neumonía de etiología desconocida.

a la espera de datos definitivos, las mujeres embarazadas procedentes de centro y sudamérica deben ser testadas para descartar la infección.

het cmr-peilstationssysteem bleek een belangrijke gegevensbron bij de pandemie in 2009. verbetering van surveillance in de huisartsenpraktijk is mogelijk door meer deelnemende praktijken en een hoge prioritering bij alle his-leveranciers voor het optimaliseren van de his’sen ten bate van surveillance.


Cluster 30 Summary: 
the inhibition in virus multiplication in the presence of resveratrol was not attributed to direct inactivation or inhibition of virus attachment to the host cells, but to the inhibition of viral multiplication in host cells.

this  was supported by the ultrastructure images of the early stage of dev infection, which showed that the replication of virus nucleic acid and the formation of the capsid in the cell nucleus were suppressed.

in this , we showed that ndv replication in asynchronized cells ed in the accumulation of infected cells in the g0/g1 phase of the cell cycle, which benefitted the proliferation of ndv.

because the signal sequence is assumed to be removed from the mature s protein soon after synthesis, and because the s protein of mhv-2 was expressed on the cell surface in the same way as the s protein of mhv-2f, the difference in the signal sequence seemed to have had little effect on the transportation and the fusion activity of the s protein.

this  shows that meaningful nuclear rna polymerase ii dependent expression of the hrsv nucleoprotein (n) and phosphoprotein (p) proteins can only be achieved with the optimization of their genes, and that the intracellular localization of n and p proteins changes when they are expressed out of the virus replication context.


Cluster 31 Summary: 
the disposition of the e protein in the membrane was d by in vitro translation in the presence of microsomes and by subsequent proteinase k digestion.

surprisingly, converting either of the two residues to the amino acid present in most ch ibvs ed in significantly reduced affinity of the n protein for the synthetic rna repeats of the viral transcriptional regulatory sequence.

this platform was used to present a peptide library of the g-h loop of the capsid region p1 of the foot-and-mouth disease virus (fmdv) called vp1 protein.

proteases and polymerases).

this review focuses on the exciting progress that has been made in this new direction of research, by discussing various known examples of host restriction of viral entry, and diverse viral countering strategies, in particular, the emerging role of viral envelope proteins in evading host innate immune suppression.


Cluster 32 Summary: 
the results show that the transport-related infection is effected to the number of infected individuals and the duration of outbreak in such the way that the disease becomes more endemic due to the movement between two cities.

one of the key characteristics of the transmission dynamics of infectious diseases is the generation time which refers to the time interval between the infection of a secondary case and the infection of its infector.

our  also reveal that the distribution of the infectious period and the reproduction number have a strong effect on the size and timing of the contraction, as well as on the mean value of the generation time in both forward and backward scheme.author infectious diseases remain one of the greatest threats to human health and commerce, and the analysis of epidemic data is one of the most important applications of statistics in public health.

our focus is on the case of the spread of disease in iran, as one of the epicenters of the disease in the first months of 2020. : we develop a simple dynamic model of the epidemic to provide a more reliable picture of the state of the disease based on existing data.

these tendencies are consistent with the differences in estimates of the reproduction number of pandemic influenza in recent ; high estimates probably originate from a long serial interval and a model assumption about transmission rate that takes no account of time variation and is applied to the entire epidemic curve.


Cluster 33 Summary: 
when leftover microbes in the biological material or objects used by the culprit or the person in question are used to correlate the identity of the individual, it takes us to the new field of science—“microbial forensics.” technological advances in the field of forensics, molecular biology, and microbiology have all helped to refine the techniques of collecting and processing of the samples for microbiological identification using dna-based  followed by its inference in the form of evidence.

infectious diseases, in particular pandemics and local epidemics, have influenced the course of wars, all descendants, including those of rulers, and the fate of peoples and nations.1 by way of example, we should remember the importance of malaria in the fall of the roman empire, the black death in the 14th century which killed nearly a third of the world’s population, and the impact of the “spanish” flu pandemic of 1918–19 in portugal, which in a few months decimated 1% of the portuguese population and reduced average life expectancy to 20 years and, more recently, smallpox, declared eradicated by the world health organization (who) in 1980 as a  of vaccination,2 and with an estimated mortality in the 20th century of between 300 and 500 million people.3 in light of this impact, it is legitimate to consider infections one of the main modellers of mankind and of present and future generations, as well as generations of the descendants of survivors.

the purpose of this commentary is to demonstrate how genomics and epidemiology will continue to rely heavily on each other, now and in the future, by illustrating a number of interaction points between these 2 disciplines (1) the use of genomics to estimate disease heritability; (2) the impact of genomics on analytical  design; (3) how genome-wide data can be employed to effectively overcome residual population stratification arising from selection bias; (4) the importance of genomics as a tool in epidemiological investigation; (5) the importance of epidemiology in the collection of adequately phenotyped samples for genomics , and (6) for unraveling the clinical and therapeutic relevance of genetic variants once they are discovered.

the emergence of new resistance mechanisms, the failure of classical antibiotics in clinic, the decrease in the development of antibiotics in the industry are all challenges that lead us to consider new strategies for the treatment of infectious diseases.

infectious diseases occur based on the interrelationship of the capabilities of the host and the virulence of the microorganism.


Cluster 34 Summary: 
possible explanations may be sought either in mechanisms altering the structure of the network of contacts, such as those induced by changes in the rates of movement of people or by public health measures, or in the genetic drift of the influenza virus, since the appearance of new strains can reduce or eliminate herd immunity.

despite the challenge still posed in the clinical separation of influenza from other respiratory infections, the global use of the new who case definitions should help determine global trends in the characteristics and transmission of influenza viruses and the associated disease burden.

the key to a safe workplace is employees who are knowledgeable of the routes of transmission of infectious agents in the laboratory setting and apply safety principles and work practices to reduce the risk.

we measure risk perception, fear and trust against actual reduction in consumption and stated change in wtp for safe chicken between 2012 and 2013. through a survey conducted in each year on the same chinese urban consumers, we found that the consumption of chicken never increased after the emergence of h7n9 in 2013, and wtp for safe chicken did not necessarily increase relative to generic risks associated with consuming chicken in 2012. factors such as the fear of h7n9's spreading, the impact of distrust (especially the distrust in government) enhanced the deviation of consumption and wtp; and the sheer mentioning of h7n9 is more important and negative than whether it was associated with a risk-perception reducing or risk-perception elevating message given to consumers.

incorporating known infection links due to animal movement prior to imposition of the national movement ban  in the reduction of the number of trees from 41 472 that are consistent with the genetic data to 1728, of which just 4 represent more than 95% of the total likelihood calculated using a model that accounts for the epidemiological data.


